[DOC] Document setting environment variable (#765)
conda-incubator/conda-store: docusaurus-docs/conda-store-ui/tutorials/create-envs.md

-->

### Set environment variables

:::note

> This features is in the release *after* conda-store version 2024.1.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available *after* conda-store-ui version 2024.1.1.
```

> Currently, only the `CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA` environment variable is supported to set the CUDA version for GPU-powered workflows.

Reviewer: I'd link to the official conda documentation here as well, see:
https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-virtual.html#overriding-detected-packages

> Currently, only the `CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA` environment variable is supported to set the CUDA version for GPU-powered workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only the `CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA` environment variable can be specified, which allows setting the CUDA version for building packages with GPU support.
```
Proposed alternative wording, which is a bit more specific.

:::

You can set environment variables in the YAML-editor with the following syntax:

```yaml
variables:

>    CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA: 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA: '12.0'
```

I suggest making this change because it makes it clear that the value is a string.

-->

### Set environment variables

:::note
This feature is available *after* conda-store-ui version 2024.1.1.

Currently, only the `CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA` environment variable can be specified, which allows setting the CUDA version for building packages with GPU support.
Learn more in the [conda documentation][conda-docs-override-packages]
:::

> You can set environment variables in the YAML-editor with the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set environment variables in the YAML editor with the following syntax:
```

Reviewer: This is just to have consistent spelling, it's "YAML editor" in other parts of the doc.

```yaml
variables:

>     CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA: '12.0'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA: '12.0'
```

Reviewer: This is just because our YAML pretty-printer uses 2 spaces by default.
